Devil's
[Music]
orders She Blinded Me With
Science you might have drugs in your
eyes She Blinded
Me lady Babylon bring you to the goddess
chromatic chronic snake people Something
Wicked This Way Comes come proo bottle
people for black Sav Red Rum snake Bend
him from her legs merry purple fingers
we a wizard with a tree limb wand elect
Mo shine bring the dawn Global
destruction player on the yo-yo I live
in a dream on the way of
Med do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling cauldron stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan cracking whips
to your ears from my Do's lips poisonous
kiss black arrows hit the marck dragon
Venom lay you down in the Tall Grass it
only took one drop you might have to
your eyes she me
science you might have drugs in your
eyes
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
what I'm got for you tonight oh my God
we are initiating apocalypse people it
is absolutely named hail Satan that we
are initiating
apocalypse fantastic I have such goodies
for you I have such goodies for you
tonight I'm giving you something new and
I'm doing
so with all
humility because this operation that I'm
about to do is not
easy okay and I approach it with the
utmost
humility what I am going to do is I am
going to translate for you the
Apocalypse in ancient
Greek backwards
fantastic hey there buddy it's good to
see you again it's good to see you again
it's my buddy thank you for coming
tonight in all seriousness I appreciate
your time stare into my eyes I
appreciate your time and what I'm going
to do is I'm going to bring these people
exactly what you suggested I'm going to
bring
[Music]
them the apocalypse
this is the
opening this is the opening of the
Apocalypse how do we get there we get
there from Omega to Alpha it turns out
it's quantum physics do I understand it
of course I don't look at me do you
think that I could understand something
like that no but I listened to the
priestesses on the Vatican
Hill when they worshiped what the
Gus and they
said you a
dummy if you will
follow the metaphor we can take you
there buddy it's all analogy and I was
like listen sister that's exactly what I
want then the devil came along and said
open it up read it backwards read it
backwards m goodness now I'm always
telling my students I'm always telling
my students uh word order doesn't really
matter in ancient Greek it doesn't
really matter therefore we should be
able to read something a
backwards fantastic but this time we're
not just going backwards we're doing the
whole thing we are reversing the
polarity now what we have to do is we
have to
stay strict to the grammar you cannot
violate rules of grammar just like you
can play a string up or
down right play it up or down baby you
can't viol violate the laws of nature
and Harmony oh God so what do we do you
have to tow the line just follow your
training in the classical Creek just
follow your training trust
yourself right and read it backwards and
it turns out it's quite mystifying turns
out isn't that right isn't that right
that's fantastic that's fantastic okay I
think we should go ahead and get started
I think we should go ahead and get
started I'm gonna make an
announcement about halfway
through but I want to hit the
material right off the bat here cuz I
know people the congregation is
everybody worked up are you ready to see
things in a in a completely reversed
polarity are you ready for this don't
worry don't worry nothing crazy we're
GNA abide by the same reasonable
laws oh fantastic we're going to keep
the science going people right we're
going to keep the science going why do
you you think all those nerds came out
of the Greek
language it's the language that makes
the history not
us
right right just so many bacteria in a
Petri dish right oh God don't you love
it look when you get that perspective
and you get pulled out like that it's a
good thing let's go right to the text
I'm going to start at the end
I'm going to start at Omega well what is
omega omega is that vowel that
swallows all
others Omega is the completion okay are
you ready for this let's translate this
backwards chewy now chewy by the way I
promise to give chewy Kudos right I
wanted people to know not only is chewy
absolutely 100%
real I born of Earth and Sky she is here
baby right with me right now and I want
you to know these pics are her passion
she will go through the text and she
will pull out exactly what is the heart
of the matter and somehow she's able to
time it with my blah blah blah and it's
very elegant and so I want to give her
some recognition people were re you know
were looking at that people were looking
at the timing of these images that are
haunting that will get inside your brain
right oh my God it's lovely let's begin
to unfold the
apocalypse let's
do the Greek backwards shall we Chey
first star system we're going to is the
is the beginning of Beginnings right
it's the ending of endings look at this
P
hey and people will say what is he doing
he's reading it backwards with
everybody right with everybody
here right Jesus the Lord his
haris is on us all oh that's a nice way
to start I think that's a nice opening
don't you now
remember
haris
is that
charm that causes you to become oh oh so
so so
delightfully
excited this is what leads you to
Aphrodite
this is what leads you to Aphrodite you
know what atis is people say favor it
means favor if I'm walking down the
street and I'm walking here here look
I'm going to put myself in Judea doesn't
matter where I'm walking down the street
like this you know what I mean Here
Comes This lady I'm like hottest baby
she's like you know it and we end up
somewhere and I have to pay something
you know what I mean respects pay my
respects you know what I mean pay a
little tithe right let them build the
bigger Library you know what I mean love
it this is wait a minute is this
idolatry yeah CIS to you all in ancient
Greek ctis is a
state it's a state of
goodie it's a state that two lovers
Grant it's
absolute 100% Choice
Aphrodite do you understand me
Grace
Grace Fantastic look what we get an
opening gift right away okay let's open
the doors of this cult in case you
haven't seen um we got off the ship you
may be a little bit groggy I put a
little too much you know the M stuff so
you may be a little bit groggy tonight
everybody in the congregation maybe you
should be sitting sitting down for this
one be sitting on the throne that would
be a good place for you to be sit on the
throne yeah okay give it give me the
next one Chey go ahead give me the next
one give me a little new background too
everybody does anybody mind if we should
change the background I don't know if
the Falcon is going to be able to make
this turn go for it cheey hit it we'll
let it sink in okay now waiting for that
source to come up this is the next I'll
just translate for you and I want you to
sit back and I want you to that's too
blurry I want you to sit back and I want
you to kind of
absorb um I'm GNA be telling you I'm
gonna be telling you a
story right I'm G to be opening
something for you that's never been
opened before right so I want you to
concentrate don't let anything but
reason guides
[Music]
oh
Jesus Lord
come amen say my name baby
amen
amen this this is that DNA that tells
you to stop here and clip it and join
the ends right this is what it tells you
this is part of the Machinery that amen
it's being used actively in Magic but
let me translate for you oh Jesus Christ
come I stamp this I put the Seal of
Magic on this I do what I bring the
charm my beloved do you understand me
you didn't know Christianity was a sex
cult did you well the congregation you
did right everybody else right they
don't know this because they don't read
the actual text people I want to remind
you of something all the people that we
have been dealing with of all of them
none of them reads the text my
students are reading the text and when
they get to that point they can tell you
one on-one they can tell you hey this is
the way it is she's just giving you the
tool he's not making any of this up
these are all just sources come come
Lord
come
amen I come
quickly I come quickly Chey we cut us
off we cut us off here he is can you
hear hear his voice in interference
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ give it to me
where's the message where is it oh God
I'm
waiting that's okay we'll get
there no I meant the other one but
that's okay we've got to finish the
other one right all right people listen
we're operating on very low capacity
once again
right why it's because it's the pack
about greed remember devil
said you take a dime for lady Babylon
I'm going to pull her right out from
under your
feet right you're a lion hypocrite sack
here we go if you do and I was like dude
I get it I get it um look I'm coming
quickly right I'm coming quickly and you
know what right the
the the one one who is
witnessing
says ladies and gentlemen of satanic
congregation
next tonight what I am bringing you is
the
witness that is the voice from the book
of the Apocalypse you didn't know there
was a
voice until you started translating it
backwards do you understand me fantastic
this is this is wonderful give me high
five devil hell Satan for such now let
me say this though before we go forward
people don't think that these are the
ramblings these are the ramblings of a
lunatic well I mean you can you can or
these are the thoughts of a cult leader
if I a cult leader I am the worst cult
leader on the planet because right chewy
am I right right um because I have no
gain of anything I'm not doing anything
I'm just bringing you the sources but I
am relishing I am relishing our
interactions congregation I oh God I
love it I I take your comments and I
just figuratively bathe myself in them
yes I do I do that and a little bit of
chocolate
syrup love it love it absolutely love it
so keep it up let's do it people
now
please I want you to know that I am not
just crazily doing this the PGM the
Greek magical papy have sets of words
backwards and
forwards you read them forwards then
they appear backwards you read them
backwards then they appear
forwards right constantly around the
mirror it's like they had a trus and
fasination you know what I mean you ever
seen a trust mirrror oh God it's like
the Central object of their magic
religion it's fantastic anywh who anyo
let's go backwards are you ready okay
give me a little bit of help
here in this
book of these things
written from this holy city and out of
the precinct of the tree
of
Zoe
Yahoo
[Music]
casts the
portion what happens to you people what
[Music]
happens we are
outcasts we are
outcasts of this Prophecy from this book
from these
words should someone remove
something having been Outcast people
it's because we removed what was
there it's because we added to
it do you understand now those are the
physics of what's going on let me just
keep reading don't worry I told you
disorientation to be to be expected you
will um if you're sitting on your throne
you will help to balance this
confusion by the way
everyone drugs mind altering ones are
the origin of Western medicine
fantastic fantastic are you kidding me
are you kidding me people were just
saying they didn't exist right oh God
did anybody see that article about the
pope he he had Mir rescue's
[Laughter]
book people okay satanic
congregation right look into where's
this article it's a preview of an
article coming out from reason
magazine that's what it is reason which
I had an article they interviewed me
once I thought that was fantastic um I'm
not in the article right but I'm telling
you it's a great article about um the
pope receiving brir rescue's um
immortality key
right right right okay
let's stop mentioning that hit me hit me
with the very same one we got to finish
that off backwards right there's not
that many verses that's not that many
verses in this opening right the opening
shot of
the Reversed apocalypse is a very brief
Glimpse it's like opening a just a
slight portal to see something Beyond
it's a the reality that you are the
reflection of it's fantastic right and
you'll be like
what love it thank you for coming
tonight by the way thank you for coming
it's a Monday night we don't usually do
this on a Monday but my goodness can he
play that
guitar I'm waiting for the image to come
up
people fantastic blow it up chewy
now in this book Things
written are
plagues right plagues that
Yahoo applies to the
one the one who does what the one who
adds who
adds oh fantastic of this book's
prophecy the words for those who
hear I Witness
fantastic
fantastic all right here we go now give
me a give me the next one I want people
to get settled into some kind of some
kind of significant you know meaning
meaning and this is where you can see
the picture painted so beautifully I
love this Doran
of Zoe's water let the one willing
take let the one come who
thirsts come let him say the one who
hears
come the pride and the
spirit they speak
come Dawn
shining
star
David's race and
root I
am for the church is these things as
witnesses to you I send my
angel
Jesus I
[Music]
am the name Jes
Jesus recorded in this
backwards ancient Greek from an
apocalypse is from the Greek verb y my
and it means the one who
medicates the one who
medicates the one who medicates you mean
they didn't call him doctor no because
they didn't have that fraking word do
you understand me not like you think of
it
anyway right um we're not talking about
institution certified we're talking
about
learned and this is the one who applies
to you the drugs why do you think he's
doing all the foaming at the mouth and
the spitting and the touching why do you
think he's doing all of this he's doing
all of this because it's part of his
medicine he is a Christ
did anybody not see that one I I don't
know why we didn't see that one
coming get me back to text let's bring
the voice yep next
one where are we going people we stepped
out into the water of
life we Ste through that hole in time
and space and we stepped up to that
water of
Zoey zo's water it turns out is the
Fulfillment of the Apocalypse it is that
which is
unseen lies makers and lovers of
Lies
[Music]
idolators murderers
sexified
perverts with
drugs
called kunan
tropo
dogs
dogs do you remember people couple of
weeks three weeks now we started the
whole I'm not finished we started the
whole deal we started the whole whole
deal with the
lycanthropes do you know where they
are they're
sitting at the opening of The Backwards
apocalypse they're sitting there do you
remember who Jesus is treating he's
treating these people right in the tombs
where they are do you know why they're
in the tombs because they're rejected
from the city they're rejected Ed from
the city take it down they're reject
this one right better take it down oh
God what is this say into that City they
flood these people they go through the
gates right who are these people
flooding into the city they are the ones
who for the sake of the authority of the
tree of
Zoey they
live yeah
and what do they do their white
gowns they
wash these are the
Blessed okay now you can
see I want you to look very carefully at
some terms here and I brought the Greek
with me who are these people and what
are they
doing they are the ones who have a
right to the water of Z they are
the ones who have a
right to the tree of
Zoe and they are the ones who serve the
aolon what is the
aolon you think it's an idol and your
mind goes back because you're moderns
your mind goes back to some stupid
production with h and and water separate
ha
and you think to yourself it's an well
it's an image a golden image they bound
to the golden
image look at people you've been looking
at Phantoms that's the
reality what is the adalon that they
that we serve in the right what is the
adelon well it's the image reflected in
a mirror or in water if you do not
understand the physics don't
worry turns out you're the
reflection not the reality it's
gorgeous Right image in the
mind image in the mind image in the mind
do you know what the doctor Jesus Christ
do you know what the great savior The
Physician does
he heals
You by serving the
image give us the Greek I want people to
see the actual Greek here it's
disturbing but it's reality and I need
them to see
[Music]
it
what what is going
on anthropologically
in this
cult these
dogs who haunt the cemeteries outside
the city they are
murderous they have a
thirst
for
blood a thirst for blood do you
understand okay what else what else
characterizes these people in a
backwards fashion
what else characterizes them besides
their thirst for
blood their
catamite wait
what oh god I have to learn
another back to the Latin oh what what
is a Camus I forget it's a look number
two they're from place called Sodom
right a sodomite look at number three
isn't this a nice definition look at how
delicate these these Victorian Scholars
these British victorians my God man I
think your asses would crack open if you
considered the reality of this one word
look at number three in septu and New
Testament
fornicator right now look at the look at
Roman numeral number two AKA
idolator right and that's why we know
pora is always translated as either
idolatry or fornication and what is
fornication people fornication is sex
fornication is sex but fornication is a
sex that has been
sullied by a monest
virus
yeah what does Jesus have to have in
order to be a Christ he's got to have a
catamite he's got to have sodomites what
do you think that the apostles were
doing
what do you think the apostles were
doing did nobody get uncomfortable when
Jesus Christ took off all his clothes in
the upper room to wash the feet of a
bunch of students naked did nobody have
a problem nobody had nobody the
positioning of that looks kind of funny
doesn't it looks
well you look at my feet I look at your
what
catamite people this is your telling
you what to take along on the mystery
trip with
Jesus give it to me now you understand
why when he goes out to the cemeteries
all the wolf people run up to him crazy
as hell right he treats them later
they're fine back to their
senses
fantastic drug guy and speaking of that
it's exactly what this is this is the
Book of Revelation people
calling the terms this is black and
white what is that pharmacon right who
are
phoy right they are those who medicate
they are those who poison and I want you
to look at the very bottom there are
those who bewitch
do you remember I told you what Grace
does it gets in your
mind right she is so beautiful and
alluring I can smell her and now it's
all I can do is think about
her right who is she she is
the
pharmacos
yeah okay do you understand Healing
Begins with music
right the music is tuning the
drugs right
fantastic fantastic you're bringing out
the
effect right of those drugs you is an
Antiquity even on the Roman side with
medicor
right or medor sorry what do they talk
about oh um application of
drugs that's that's
medicine yeah
fantastic fantastic gorgeous gorgeous
look at that look at that give me the
next Source please Che we hit it to me
people let's go keep going backwards it
gets
deeper as we get to the end of the
beginning or the beginning of the end I
should
say
fantastic up we come people it's so nice
to be with you look at this background
is this thing gorgeous or what can
somebody tell me what's going on are we
even here are we having an out of body
no we're not here it comes people are
you ready let me read this
[Music]
Delo isn't that
nice
completion and
Inception very last and very
first
Omega and
Alpha Am
I
by
everyone's
work your just deserts come
I have your
[Music]
payment and pay
attention very quickly I am coming oh
God sounds so right sounds so much
ominous baby doesn't it when you play it
backwards I love it I love it but
remember what am I doing the Greek is
designed to be
flexible right now sometimes what I'm
doing linguis istically or I should say
methodologically what I'm doing is I'm
making sure I'm always scanning ahead or
backwards I'm always scanning backwards
up the sentence right to make sure that
I'm not going to violate any grammatical
law right is this a purpose Clause it's
got to remain a purpose Clause right do
you understand me right is this the
direct object it's got to remain the
direct object do you understand we are
not violators of Reason fantastic
this is gorgeous I'm gonna do it again
oh isn't that pretty isn't that pretty
go ahead bring me up that did we
finished that one I think we yeah we'll
go ahead and check it out make sure that
we finished
it I wonder what her name is does
anybody know her name from satanic
congregation oh does anybody know I hope
that he I hope I can sit back here and
just say hey buddy just play it cool
play it cool be nice be yourself she'll
love you right right love it okay um
he's got the payment I want want you to
look at the word mistos give me the next
one he's got the payment for you do you
understand what that means did you go
where we went from beginning to
end did we go backwards from ending to
beginning guess what
people
let
holy who is Holy and let the person do
righteously who is righteous and even
further let the person who pollutes be
the polluter and let the person who does
unjustly be the
unjust for something is near it is our
opportunity and from the book of this
prophecy the words I commend you not to
seal this he says to
me
fantastic love it did you get
that I'm telling you I'm telling you
backwards is better right now it may
just be that you're in a situation where
you need to change but positions correct
right huh now for my Greek students for
my Greek students here tell her
something about how smart you are do it
do it she'll love it my Greek students
this is a good exercise for you don't
just read the Bible forwards read it
backwards too remember I told you word
order
right isn't that gorgeous at Greek man
what kind of song do you know in English
that you can sing forwards or
backwards what kind of song you don't
know any because your operating system
sucks and I'm including modern Greek
modern Spanish modern German French the
whole
Gambit
everybody am I saying that right I think
I mean gamut I don't know which one that
is right Gambit is like some kind of
contest or something
somebody correct me please please please
do you understand what I'm
[Music]
saying I bowed to
God from this book its
words are
guarded right and I am one of you one of
your prophets one of your
brothers I am a fellow
slave do not do it don't let me see it
he says to me these
things these
things are shown to
me falling at the foot of the
Angel
right in order to
worship I saw and I heard
okay wait
wait
ah and these things being the objects of
my eyes and my ears my name is
John okay who are we we are the ones
receiving the voice and who is that
voice from it's from a dude whose name
is John do you understand the necrom
Nancy come here John come here you
little
knucklehead I happen to know something
about you I happen to know something
about you did you like what you
did we're gonna bring him back we're
going to bring him back and tell his
entire story are you ready people
tonight we're using the orphic
Vox right blinders off people here's the
here's the seeing it for what it is give
it to me
give it to me Chewy let's go there's
only a few of these people there's only
a couple of these so I'm going to do
this to my
utmost yeah utmost highest standard and
I um and I hope that you receive it as
you know a thoughtful gift a thoughtful
gift let's keep
going blow it
up from this book of Prophecy
these words are
guarded and the one who guards
them is
fortunate very
quickly I am coming pay
attention
that very soon
happening is being revealed to my
servants through the
angel
sent and who is the
sender he's the
sender who is
God of prophets and
Spirits he is the
Lord very accurate and very faithful are
these words this is what he says to
me this is what John brings to
you do you understand do you understand
this cult that you and I have been
examining of which Jesus is
Christos this cult is operating within
very stable and normal
parameters okay
these
Spirits are the Guides of these
prophets and the
drugs that we are
christing are the
source of those
Spirits when you see the
underworld they
will play for you with called a DIY Ram
a song of
mour from the underworld it s you'll be
brought
back you'll be
[Music]
raised the only way to get through the
process is to take the Avenue that has
been taken for A Thousand Years by the
time Jesus Christ shows up this is a
thousand year old religious practice
that Jesus is just now entering into as
a Christ thanks to all the money the
Magi got to him otherwise he wouldn't
have been taught this do you understand
you know why the kids sitting at the tax
gathers
table right he's not an IRS agent
H these are the boys of Galilee and they
are in the
business of
por
idria they have a
[Music]
Christos this is a mystery do you
understand why there's a crowd that
wants to kill him do you understand why
there's a crowd that wants to kill Jesus
Christ I was reading the other night now
I don't want to get into this now but I
was reading the other night in the
Gospel of Luke Jesus comes to this place
I don't even remember where it was I was
so tired I think it was dreaming but
Jesus was in this place and the people
were so pissed they tried to throw him
off a
cliff and the text says he just walked
through the cloud the crowd right now
people will say ah this is the miracle
right Jesus just turned himself
invisible do you realize why Jesus had
to turn himself invisible because
everybody wanted to throw him off a
cliff throw him off a cliff throw him
off a cliff how many times you see the
devil getting thrown off a cliff I don't
see the devil getting thrown off a cliff
no he shows up we all have
fun Jesus
Christ the natural reaction that he has
with people is to turn them into
somebody who wants to throw him off a
cliff that and when he goes back home I
want you to very carefully notice when
Jesus Christ goes back home his family
doesn't respect
him right he can't state it otherwise he
can't perform any of his
miracles something's wrong with the
energy in the area right Prophet is not
without owner except in his own country
that's what they say when you can't get
it up Jesus
Christ do you understand me
cognitively oh God give me the next one
give me the next one I want people to be
able to see it from its backwards okay
people this is the this is the end I
have a couple more slides for you but I
want to show you the end of the reading
from the
ions into the ions they will
rule right and upon these people will
shine
God the
Lord the Sun's
light the light of a
lamp there is no need for
them there will not even be night
on their
foreheads is my
name my face is what they will
see
to
him this service is rendered as they are
his slaves
there will be in the the
drug of
God and the
fleece
it will
be a time of no
cursing the people's
medicine will be the leaves of the tree
tree it will give
fruit every month to the number of
12 it is the tree of Zoe and there on
either side is the
river right in the middle of the street
of the fleece and of
God from their
drugs come forward are you ready for
this people this is the culmination of
the mystery come forward what from the
fleece and from the Throne of God what
comes
Calon that glass that shining glass
it is Zoe's
water he showed to
me her
River isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous oh my goodness you mean we
begin with the ending and it brings us
right away to the Water of
Life yes and why because these are
christing
Cults these are christing
Cults the mental transformation that
takes place is facilitated by driven by
the
drugs right
now all of this can be
coordinated can be regulated by a body
of
people who understand the complexity of
the use of the drugs and the proper
technique for killing and
Reviving for entering into death and
bringing life and we will call these
people
priestesses and their knowledge will go
back centuries upon centuries upon
centuries and we will benefit from their
medicine
these are the rights of the mystery that
you have never
seen and they are being made visible to
you
now it's very important that you
understand your own
reality and the only way we're going to
get there it turns out is through that
Tower
through that
antenna that antenna of
Babel it turns
out in the real the language drives
you I want you to reflect as we wrap up
now I want you to reflect oh and I
forgot to make my announcement I'll make
it here at the end I want you to reflect
on the
message that is brought from the mouth
of the
Dead this is the
necromantic text of the apocalypse and
it starts with
Omega I want to say thank you for coming
tonight chewy did you get throw up throw
up a little bit more of your oh I have a
couple of definitions I wanted to share
oh people look this really yeah I'm
sorry chewy give me this is important
this is important by the way I'll just
throw this in before we before the
slides come up give us a little time
here hey um so I'm going to open a
Lit Literature course the literature of
initiation and I only have eight spots
that I can fit on to my onto my um
rented side
that I use to teach from right on what
is it called oh is it's this one isn't
it it's uh yeah I always forget it's
duck it's green
duck right it's green duck thank you
green duck for all the service um so
anybody that wants to come to cover 10
sessions of classical literature dealing
with initi iation right it's not just
the mystery um all of the sources will
centered
upon the act of your initiation the
audience's
initiation right so it's it's uh it's
um I wanted to be able to offer
something to people who Maybe started or
tried or thought about getting into the
language and couldn't
right into my classes um who you wanted
to but you couldn't this is a lit this
is a lit course and I want to give
people the ability to kind of observe
that initiatory literature for
themselves so go ahead and email me if
you're interested in that and I'll get
back in touch with you um my Greek
classes by the way please continue
continue everything I hear wonderful
progress and I know I need to give an
omen you I will give give it Friday
right so that we can start up remember a
lot of people are watching the amenu
videos and slowly doing the Greek some
people are just starting some people did
them a while ago and they're waiting for
more to get fed to them right this is a
resource that you can use over time and
uh I would like to go ahead and continue
um progress through the Intensive course
so that everybody can have a kind of a
general overview of those chapters so
that you can you know you can make your
way to the level of somebody who is
working on translating these exciting
texts let's go to a little bit of the
Greek let's go to a little bit of the
Greek
that's that's enough
work when I was going through
this I wanted to make sure that cou of
concept
stuck yeah go
ahead I want to make sure a couple of
com um ter St in your head hello there
isn't yeah gorgeous isn't he it's got
all those it's got all those rings in
his
horns
cros do you remember the ice that I told
you about in the end you were sitting
there not hearing the orphic Vox and I
said ice and you thought
ice right look at number two
torper numbness Nar you know what Nar is
that is a state of complete that is what
every Chaser of the dragon that opium
Dragon that's what every one of them was
running for was the
Nar right isn't that gorgeous that
numbness or that torper wait a minute
this is what's coming from
her these are her Waters
this is her fruit do you understand the
fruit of Zoe's
tree okay give me the next one just for
you just for
[Music]
you in case that you thought you know
hey the orphic fox didn't apply here
yeah here we go right now the Christians
will insist that this canot be the case
none of this can be applied because
there's a fence there's a glass wall
between the Bible and every other
ancient text right no matter how much we
break through that people they will
insist that that exists right what is
Nar it is a
numbness a
deadness do you understand it's a degree
of death and I can give you that as a
sensation through drugs I can induce
deadness in you
you I can induce deadness in
you you can be comfortably numb do you
understand give me the next one that was
a
Shameless Comfortably Numb why CU you've
grown that
way you've grown that way you are that
stiff look at the second line people I
just want to see I just want you to see
that you don't realize what these
concepts are we think because of
narcotic we know what this means we
don't look at the end of the second line
in their mind you have a p
Narcosis you have a Narcosis of the Soul
what the soul can become
narcotic yes it can look at the very
last
name look at the very last name on the
last line before theocritus who wrote
this poem right
pa okay
narti narcotize us
please do you understand what comes from
her
Waters give me the next
one it's we're neede deep people in the
drug terminology when we're it's all
over the place right why do you think
they called these people in that text
that I just translated for you why do
think it called them Pharmacy right
they're users of drugs what are they
calling the apostles when the apostles
are walking around doing their
evangelizing what are they calling them
faroy if you don't see the drugs the the
real laugh is if you didn't see the
drugs and Christianity you didn't see
Christianity yeah you saw something
else something G
oh God what is this what is this
ice what is this
Nar it is
radiant it is
radiant it is that
brightness it is the metalic body do you
understand
God people what did Jesus say he was
bringing he was bringing that eye
openening stuff right this is what
brings light to your eyes I don't know
what happened before but I went from
Darkness to
light
fantastic do you understand this is drug
influenced drug induced and Drug
supported Soul
medicine being given to you by a dude
who's walking around saying all the time
I am going to get arrested and
executed I am going to be scandalized
and all you boys are going to run and he
was right they all did The Lost Boys ran
right there did you notice what happened
commotion was there half of them were
asleep Peter James and John are knocked
out right there they waking up Jesus is
like come on let's go let's get out of
here that's what it says in the Greek
let's get out of here but what happens
God was too
slow and they caught him with a naked
kid in a public
park Jesus Christ Jesus Christ you
thought Moses was bad for chasing his
kid around the desert with a big ass
knife
he was just doing what the voices told
him to do and when those angels
speak if you are on the right drugs you
will
listen blessed are the
Unix for theirs is the Kingdom of
Heaven do you
understand oh man
how did he weave that cutting off of the
testicles let's get anytime people right
trying somebody put this into your put
this into your calculator we need a show
we need a show with a chorus A Chorus of
disciple Apostle
boys and they they're going to be
cutting off their testicles and throwing
them into people's houses
right imagine a crowd whatever a crowd
of boys came to your house and threw
their testicles into your front
door right you open up your front door
and they're all splattered there what
would you do don't worry it's just
Antiquity right it's just Antiquity now
do you
understand why some people react funny
to Jesus and his boys do you understand
why they want to throw them on off a
cliff how come nobody ever talks about
that what about the City where everybody
tried to s a
cliff chewy did you depict Jesus you
didn't know this one was coming somebody
will somebody please as a sacred icon of
Jesus Christ can you please depict the
throwing off of the Cliff of the Lord
and Savior right have him Fallen H I
don't care how you do it h you could put
them in there you put a little halo over
his head as he tumbles down the cliff I
don't care right show the miracle of his
survival dude dude okay Chewy you know
me right if somebody caught me in a
public park with a naked kid I would go
to jail right now right if if I went to
a place and a group of people you know
say you're the cop and you show up you
know we have your body again you show up
what are you going to do what are you
going to do R put your taser away stop
it we've been watching too many too many
of those videos um thank you YouTube We
love your we love your body cam videos
please it's like dope please don't stop
sending making them um what would happen
if you came up and there was a crowd of
a 100 people trying to throw me off a
cliff you would probably want it was
that I did right it's amazing
but nobody ever wants to investigate
this in the Bible nobody wants to why
because you are programmed with
trash it's not true message it's not DNA
that is
productive yeah no it's just a sequence
to keep you exactly under
control right has nothing to do with the
original Christianity that Jesus the
Christ himself right was involved in
yeah
yeah fantastic fantastic what's that
yeah from that point Jesus Christ was
not a hiker
[Laughter]
he come to thank that I don't remember
him going back right I don't remember do
you remember him going back well I have
to look that up to you know maybe he did
maybe did right um but probably not
probably I wouldn't go back would you go
out out of a city now just think just
think about it for a minute people this
is lovely this is here make me small
make me small and bring up some pictures
to help finish did you finish all your
no bring a couple more up if you can um
what do you do if you wake up one
morning and you find out oh my God oh my
God I've been in this
cult and I go there on a weekly basis
sometimes
twice they pass around this little dish
I I throw bills into it right they have
a financial planner that works with them
I can give them a certain percentage of
my
income right and what do they do they
sing and they talk and the we have this
guy and he's nailed up on this execution
device in the front he's all in his face
that looks so twisted and
[ __ ] and you know what he
was he was a dude that an entire
city tried to throw off a cliff he was
that bad and I am a
propagator of his
Badness I am a follower of a lie I love
the lies
I love the lies I am a monest and I love
lies and I love kings that lie I love
them when they promise kingdoms to me
and they lie to me I love to be lied to
that is the heart of Christianity if you
cannot take it pass the drugs and we'll
make you take it give us your income
bonehead do you see
it's
extremely well thought out and
disturbing to watch the greed that
stains your soul with a stench of Ruin
chewy give me the last give me the last
couple here yep go ahead give me that
one give me that one people I just
wanted to see this real quick I'm going
to end with this
what is that by the way CH what is
yeah what is that that he
is I don't know he's got a whole stash
of them somewhere and I can't really
tell what it is give me
the doron if I want you to take home one
thing tonight it was this and we'll end
with this doron
[Music]
zo right I want you to freely
freely Zoe's water I want you to freely
receive
it this is the
message of the
end let me say it again this is the
message of the end your reception of the
Water of Life is your completion
welcome to the
escaton we will
continue to translate
backwards
until we all know the future are you
ready hail
Satan the snake venom in the pl my Blue
Lady of the Lake fly this way P by
dragons
chanting singing with The Muse in the
blizzard of bars we can get a light
Cruiser from the Cantina
Bar D Bringers root
Cutters
H diesel truckers chickadilla from
amazia all about it on a
Mia diesel haing pills you want them she
eats them babies donut assassin
black d got some on you Wicked crap the
arrows blw
amaza
Faria purple drugs in the eyes Jesus
Christ you might have Dr in your eyes
She Blinded Me the
science you might have drugs in your
eyes She Blinded Me With
Science you might have drugs to know
eyes she bled me
science you might have drugs in your
eyes sence